
Break records at Louis, ate breakfast at Gucci
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
Bow on our arrival, the un-American idols
What niggas did in Paris, got 'em hangin' off the Eiffel
Yeah, I'm talkin' business, we talkin' CIA
I'm talkin' George Tenet, I seen him the other day
He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
You know, white people get money, don't spend it
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ign'ant
I know Spike Lee gon' kill me, but let me finish
Blame it on the pigment, we livin' no limits
Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment
Of our imagination, MTV cribs
Now I'm lookin' at a crib right next to where TC lives
That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
He wasn't really drunk, he just had a frew brews
Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage
Everything I do need a news crew's presence
Speedboat swerve, homie, watch out for the waves
I'm way too black to burn from sunrays
So I just meditate at the home in Pompeii
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Every time I'm in Vegas they screamin' like he's Elvis
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it
Shit is real, got me feelin' Israelian
Like Bar Refaeli, or Gisele—no, that's Brazilian
Went through, deep depression when my mama passed
Suicide, what kinda talk is that?
But I been talkin' to God for so long
That if you look at my life I guess he's talkin' back
Fuckin' with my clique


We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything


All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown
Bound...


What you doin' in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking-round-always-mad reputation
Leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complainin'
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit
This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch


Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches


I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you somethin' to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admittin' is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it: Thanksgivin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept


Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Bound
Bound


Gossip, gossip, nigga just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands


The best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm about to take it to another level, bitch
No matter who you go and get, ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said, "This the number to dial
If you wanna make your #1 your #2 now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu, I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit 'em with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gonna do now?"
Whatever I want to do. Gosh! It's cool now
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
'Cause you'll never get on top of this
So mommy, best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present, kiss my ass


Gossip, gossip, nigga just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands


Gossip, gossip, nigga just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands




Since the truth keep niggas traumatized
They tryna compromise my condom size
So I Snapchat that whole shit
Tryna see titties, tryna show dick
And I swear to God I hope they post it
I'm blessed
Even though I get slammed with lawsuits like car doors
See three P.O.'s like Star Wars
They want me by the road holding up cardboard
So I go extra hard on the hard floor
Right now, I'm calling you from my home gym
Right after that, nigga, I'm gon' swim
Just did a couple laps in my home pool
And my daughter right there getting home-schooled
I'm blessed
And I was thinking 'bout starting up my own school
A Montessori
And the hallway looking like a monastery, oh yes
I'm way up, I feel blessed


Coke on her black skin made it stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there's permission
And deception is the only felony
So never fuck nobody without telling me
Sunglasses and Advil
Last night was mad real
Sun coming up, 5 a.m
I wonder if they got cabs still
Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies"
The other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy"
It's something that the pastor don't preach
It's something that a teacher can't teach
When we die, the money we can't keep
But we probably spend it all cause the pain ain't cheap
Preach


My mama was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes, you woulda thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New slaves


You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower


I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
They throwin' hate at me
Want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation
Y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out
I'm goin' Bobby Boucher
I know that pussy ain't free
You niggas pussy, ain't me
Y'all throwin' contracts at me
You know that niggas can't read
Throw on some Maybach keys
Fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
I'll move my family out the country
So you can't see where I stay
So go and grab the reporters
So I can smash their recorders
See they'll confuse us with some bullshit
Like the New World Order
Meanwhile the DEA
Teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up
They tryna make new slaves
See that's that privately owned prison
Get your piece today
They prolly all in the Hamptons
Braggin' 'bout what they made
Fuck you and your Hampton house
I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
Came on her Hampton blouse
And in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up
I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out
Now what the fuck they gon' say now?


Ahh, Yeezy, Yeezy, how you do it, huh?
It's my birthday, I deserve to be greedy, huh?
She holdin' out, she ain't givin' to the needy, huh?
You go downstairs and fall asleep with the TV on
Y'all been together ten years, you deserve a ménage
'Specially if you put that BMW in a garage
'Specially if you paid a couple payments on her momma crib
Went to her niece's graduation, man, I hate those kids!
Last birthday, she got you a new sweater
Put it on, give her a kiss, and tell her "Do better"
She said, "How 'bout I get you jewelry from the West End?"
How 'bout she hit the Westin and get her best friend?
Ha, I'm jokin', I'm just serious, I asked her
"Don't be actin', like no actress, if we preachin', then we practice
Don't be reachin', don't be touchin' shit, we in Kanye West's Benz!
'Cause I will turn you back to a pedestrian, hah!"


They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound: that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathin' like they found Mike
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
But I'd never hit a woman, never in my life
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eatin' good: vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissin' girls 'cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strap-on, then they not dykes
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
We hangin' out that window: it's about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man, that nigga nice
Shoutout to L.E.P., Jay Boogie, right?
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!


Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?



I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See, I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye"? Man, that'd be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye


I told, I told, ay ay, I told you
Up in the morning, miss you bad
Sorry I ain't called you back
Same problem my father had
All his time, all he had, all he had
In what he dreamed
All his cash, market crashed
Hurt him bad, people get divorced for that
Drops some stacks pops is good
Momma pass in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Driving fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm coming back
I'll be taking all the stacks


I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Taking all the stacks, oh
Stacks, oh
Taking all the stacks, oh


Scary, scary
No more parties in L.A
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A


Friday night tryna make it into the city
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat somethin' pretty
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Second class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
A backpack nigga with luxury taste buds
And the Louis Vuitton store, got all of my pay stubs
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
When did I become A list? I wasn't even on a list
Strippers get invited to where they only got hired
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
And 3 Stacks, man, you preach it to the choir
Any rumor you ever heard about me was true and legendary
I done got Lewinsky and paid secretaries
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
That use they kids as meal tickets
Not knowin' the disconnect from the father
The next generation will be the real victims
I can't fault 'em, really
I remember Amber told my boy no matter what happens she ain't goin' back to Philly
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
Of weak content and slow jammin'
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
You know it, L.A., it's so jammin'
I be thinkin' every day
Mulholland Drive, need to put up some goddamn barricades
I be paranoid every time
The pressure, the problem ain't I be drivin'
The problem is I be textin'
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
That's why I'd rather take the 405
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
But Saint is baby 'Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
Had my life threatened by best friends with selfish intents
What I'm supposed to do?
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
Every agent I know, know I hate agents
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
It's just me, I do it my way, bitch
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
If I knew y'all made plans I wouldn't have popped the Xans
I know some fans thought I wouldn't rap like this again
But the writer's block is over, emcees cancel your plans
A 38-year-old 8-year-old with rich nigga problems
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I don't never drive it
It took 6 months to get the Maybach all matted out
And my assistant crashed it soon as they backed it out
God damn, got a bald fade, I might slam
Pink fur, got Nori dressin' like Cam
Thank God for me
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E!
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neck full
Bitches say he funny and disrespectful
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop it like Robocop
She brace herself and hold my stomach, good dick'll do that
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
She push me back when the dick go too deep
This good dick'll put your ass to sleep
Get money, money, money, money
Big, big money, money, money, money
And as far as real friends, tell all my cousins I love 'em
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker






All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga


This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it's just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
'Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga


All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga


I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house!
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch


Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side! All day, nigga


Lost out, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there


Lost and, found out
Turned out, how you thought
Daddy, found out
That you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
Love you, got to
Love you, love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost in... my doubt


And I need you now
Lost and found out




You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
(What if Mary) "What if Mary
(Was in the club) was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
(And she was) We surrounded by
(Surrounded by) the fuckin' wolves"




I'm living in that 21st Century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music
No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
(21st-Century schizoid man)
The system broken, the school is closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose, motherfucker we rolling
Huh? Motherfucker we rolling
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I'll see you in the morning
Huh? I'll see you in the morning
This is way too much, I need a moment


No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
Till then, fuck that, the world's ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-Century schizoid man)


Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically they can kiss my asshole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You short-minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
And I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he's so fucking gifted
I just needed time alone with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
My childlike creativity, purity and honesty
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me
Taking my inner child, I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece
Thinking


No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the powder
Till then, fuck that, the world's ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-Century schizoid man)


Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fucking nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation
At the end of the day, god damn it I'm killing this shit
I know damn well y'all feeling this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch, I'm on my own dick
I ain't gotta power trip, who you going home with?
How 'Ye doing? I'm surviving
I was drinking earlier, now I'm driving
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where you hiding?
I got the power to make your life so exciting


And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can


She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at


And I always find, yeah, I always find
Yeah I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can


Run away from me, baby, run away
Run away from me, baby, run away
When it starts to get crazy, why can't she just, run away?
Baby, I got a plan, run away fast as you can


Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you are at an advantage
Cause you can blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'mma manage
If one day you just up and leave


And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can


I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul
My soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul


See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico?
Remember that last time, the episode?
Asking me why the hell I text in code?
Four times just to say, "Don't text me, ho"
Told you four times, "Don't test me, ho"
And we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'ma have the last laugh in the end
'Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
Yeah, I'ma have to laugh Indian
'Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
And I...


Step up in this bitch like (turn me up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight
And she grabbin' on my dick like
She wanna see if it'll fit right
That's just the wave


Sun don't shine in the shade (turn me up!)
Bird can't fly in a cage  (turn me up!)
Even when somebody go away (turn me up!)
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave (yeah)


Ever-ever, Mr. West is in the buildin'
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams, big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
And went hard, all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gonna build statues for me
Old money; Benjamin Button "What?" nothin'
Now super bad chicks givin' me McLovin
You would think I ran the world, like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me, when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me – no, you fuckin' wasn't
Um, you're such a fuckin' loser
He ain't even go to class: Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack?
Chasin' the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull the cameras out and goddamn, he snap
I used to want this thing forever, y'all can have it back




Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said: "I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls, you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm."
But I'm lookin' for the one, have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have a ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad asses to ShowBiz?
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din' and then I had to pay
If you fuckin' with this girl, then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend said she used to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her


Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Shoulda got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's somethin' that you need to have
'Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his?!


Now, I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat, he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries
So stick by his side
I know there's dudes ballin', and yeah, that's nice
And they gonna keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl
And when you get on, he'll leave yo' ass for a white girl




Let me hear that back


Bitch, I'm back out my coma
Wakin' up on your sofa
When I park my Range Rover
Slightly scratch your Corolla
Okay, I smashed your Corolla
I'm hangin' on a hangover
Five years we been over
Ask me why I came over
One more hit and I can own ya
One more fuck and I can own ya
One cold night in October
Pussy had me floatin'
Feel like Deepak Chopra
Pussy had me dead
Might call 2Pac over
Yeezy's all on your sofa
These the Red Octobers
Still ain't learn me no manners
You love me when I ain't sober
You love me when I'm hungover
Even when I blow doja
Then her auntie came over
Skinny bitch with no shoulders
Tellin' you that I'm bogus
Bitch you don't even know us
"Baby girl, he's a loner
Baby girl, he's a loner
Late-night organ donor
After that, he disown ya
After that he's just hopeless
Soul mates become soulless
"When it's over it's over"
And bitch, I'm back out my coma


Damn your lips very soft
As I turn my Blackberry off
And I turn your bathwater on
And you turn off your iPhone
Careless whispers, eye fuckin', bitin' ass
Neck, ears, hair, legs, eating ass
Your pussy's too good, I need to crash
Your titties, let 'em out, free at last
Thank God almighty, they free at last
We was up at the party but we was leavin' fast
Had to stop at 7-Eleven like I needed gas
I'm lyin', I needed condoms, don't look through the glass
Chasin' love, all the bittersweet hours lost
Eatin' Asian pussy, all I need was sweet and sour sauce
Tell your boss you need an extra hour off
Get you super wet after we turn the shower off


Uh, picked up where we left off
Uh, I need you home when I get off
Uh, you know I need that wet mouth
Uh, I know you need that reptile
Uh, she cut from a different textile
Uh, she love different kinds of sex now
Uh, black girl sippin' white wine
Put my fist in her like a civil rights sign
And grabbed it with a slight grind
And held it 'til the right time
Then she came like AAAAAHHH!




Time to take it too far now
Uh, Michael Douglas out the car now
Uh, got the kids-and-the-wife life
Uh, but can't wake up from the nightlife
Uh, I'm so scared of my demons
Uh, I go to sleep with a nightlight
Uh, my mind move like a Tron bike
Uh, pop a wheelie on the Zeitgeist
Uh, I'm finna start a new movement
Uh, being led by the drums
Uh, I'm a rap-lic priest
Uh, gettin' head by the nuns
Uh, they don't play what I'm playin'
Uh, they don't see what I'm sayin'
Uh, they be ballin' in the D-League
Uh, I be speakin' Swaghili




We are not the same, I am too reckless
I'm not tryna go in that direction
These niggas, they been doin' too much flexin'
And they about to call the wrong attention
And I don't got no patience, no more testin'
I do shit how I want, don't need no blessin'
XO niggas ain't nothin' to mess with
Nobody stoppin' us, oh no, we destined
And everybody 'round you is so basic
I'm never rockin' white, I'm like a racist
I don't drink my liquor with a chase in
That money is the only thing I'm chasin'
And some dope dimes on some coke lines
Gimme head all night, cum four times
Baby girl just wanna smoke a pound
Do an ounce, get some dick, tell her friends about it


Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singin' 'bout poppin' pills, fuckin' bitches, livin' life so trill


Last year I did all the politickin'
This year I'mma focus on the vision
I think these hoes deserve another fixin'
I'm talkin' 'bout the ones from the beginnin'
Don't believe the rumors, bitch, I'm still a user
I'm still rockin' camo and still roll with shooters
I'm a villain in my city, I just made another killin'
I'mma spend it all on bitches
And everybody fuckin', everybody fuckin'
Pussy on the house, everybody fuckin'
Man, I miss my city, man, it's been a minute
MIA a habit, Cali was the mission
Cruise through the west-end in my new Benz
I'm just tryna live life through a new lens
Drivin' by the streets I used to walk through
When I had no crib, I guess you call that shit a miracle


Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singin' 'bout poppin' pills, fuckin' bitches, livin' life so trill


Roll some, think I'll roll some
To know some, if we both honest
Who lasts? Yeah, you lie
Spent the whole summer
Tryna be at the wrong place at the right time
But I know what's mine when I see it
I know


My cousin said I made it big and it's unusual
She tried to take a selfie at my Grandma's funeral
Used to roam on Queen, now I sing Queen street anthems
Used to hate attention, now I pull up in that wagon
And I was broken, I was broken, I was so broke
I used to roam around the town when I was homeless
Me and Lamar would rob a nigga for his Jordans
And flip it just to get these hoes another nose fix
Now we get faded when we want, girl, we got choices
Lay them on the fuckin' table, we got choices
And if they wanna fuck my niggas, they got choices
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless




Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singin' 'bout poppin' pills, fuckin' bitches, livin' life so trill


I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace
I told God I'd be back in a second
Man it's so hard not to act reckless
To whom much is given, much is tested
Get arrested guess until he get the message
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
And what I do? Act more stupidly
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V
My Momma couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel man
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman
I guess the money should've changed him
I guess I should've forgot where I came from


Let up the suicide doors
This is my life homie, you decide yours
I know that Jesus died for us
But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways
Old folks talking 'bout, "Back in my day"
But homie this is my day
Class started 2 hours ago, oh am I late?
No, I already graduated
And you can live through anything if Magic made it
They say I talk with so much emphasis
Ooh they so sensitive
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
And say something when you gon' end up apolog'ing
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight man, holla then


Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash
Let that man get past
He don't even stop to get gas
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off of fumes 'cause
How he move in a room full of no's?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold
Treasure, what's your pleasure?
Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her
So if the Devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada
I'm in between but way more fresher
With way less effort, 'cause when you try hard
That's when you die hard
Your homies looking like why God
When they reminisce over you, my God




Whose fault?


On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than be with someone else"
I took a piss and dismiss it like "fuck it"
And I went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing and harvesting the feelings
Yo, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Till about two a.m. and I call back
And I hang up and I start to blame myself
Somebody help


You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Gripping you up, fucking and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
Cause I definitely be having mine
And you ain't finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear bout other niggas is strokin' you
Lying, say I hit you, he sitting there consoling you
Running my name through the mud, who's provoking you?
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
1AM and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brother's phone like what was I supposed to do?
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever that you told him to
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
Y'all got dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
That ain't right girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said, "Yeezy, I ain't your right girl"
You'll probably find one of them "I like art"-type girls
All of the lights, she-was-caught-in-the-hype girl
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
Now who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
Let's play the blame game


"Things used to be, now they not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing?
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely" - Chloe Mitchell


Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call out names, names, for sure


I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, no, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much


And I know that you are somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just ring and ring
You ain't pick up but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing








As I lay me down to sleep
I hear her speak to me
Hello 'Mari, how ya doin'?
I think the storm ran out of rain, the clouds are movin'
I know you're happy, cause I can see it
So tell the voice inside ya head to believe it
I talked to God about you, he said he sent you an angel
And look at all that he gave you
You asked for one and you got two
You know I never left you
Cause every road that leads to heaven's right inside you
So I can say


Hello, my only one, just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
Hello my only one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes


Hey, hey, hey, hey
Oh, the good outweighs the bad even on your worst day
Remember how I'd say
Hey hey one day, you'll be the man you always knew you could be
And if you knew how proud I was
You'd never shed a tear, have a fear, no you wouldn't do that
And though I didn't pick the day to turn the page
I know it's not the end every time I see her face, and I hear you say


Hello my only one, remember who you are
You got the world cause you got love in your hands
And you're still my chosen one
So can you understand? One day you'll understand


So hear me out, hear me out
I won't go, I won't go
No goodbyes, no goodbyes
Just hello, just hello
And when you cry, I will cry
And when you smile, I will smile
And next time when I look in your eyes
We'll have wings and we'll fly


Hello my only one,  just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
And you're still my chosen one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes




Hey, hey, hey, hey
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori ab-
I just want you to do me a favor
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me...


Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of Autumn
All of them fallin' for the love of ballin'
Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport they check all through my bag
And tell me that it's random
But we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
And a new fitted, and some job opportunities that's lucrative
This the real world, homie, school finished
They done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it?


Is hip hop just a euphemism for a new religion?
The soul music of the slaves that the youth is missing
This is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
As long as I'm in Polo smiling, they think they got me
But they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me
I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
If a nigga ain't shootin' a jump shot, running a track meet
But this pimp is, at the top of Mount Olympus
Ready for the World's game, this is my Olympics
We make 'em say ho cause the game is so pimpish
Choke a South Park writer with a fishstick
I insisted to get up offa this dick
And these drugs, niggas can't resist it
Remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted
If I ever wasn't the greatest nigga, I must have missed it!


I need more drinks and less lights
And that American Apparel girl in just tights
She told the director she tryna get in a school
He said “take them glasses off and get in the pool”
It's been a while since I watched the tube
Cause like a Crip set, I got way too many blues for any more bad news
I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today
They rewrite history, I don't believe in yesterday
And what's a black Beatle anyway, a fucking roach?
I guess that's why they got me sitting in fucking coach
My guy said I need a different approach
Cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffing coke
It's not funny anymore, try different jokes
Tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, x and o
And kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it
Play strings for the dramatic ending of that wack shit
Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes
I ain't got it I'm coming after whoever who has it
I'm coming after whoever. Who has it?
You blowin' up, that's good, fantastic
That y'all, it's like that y'all
I don't really give a fuck about it at all
Cause the same people that tried to black ball me
Forgot about two things, my black balls




Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop


And I hope you learn to make it on your own
And if you love yourself, just know you'll never be alone
I hope that you get everything you want and that you chose
I hope that it's the realest thing that you ever know
Hope you get the pretty girls, that's pretty and everything
Million dollar cribs, havin' million dollar dreams
And when you get it all, just remember one thing
Remember one thing, one man could change the world
One man could change the world


Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?


Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you motherfuckers it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you


Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?


And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
Flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
G.O.O.D. Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'


Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without


Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some Theraflu
(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu


Turn my headphones up, louder, uh huh, uh huh


Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man
But the Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman
Went from most hated to the champion god flow
I guess that's a feeling only me and LeBron know
I'm living three dreams
Biggie Smalls', Dr. King, Rodney King's, uhh
Cause we can't get along - no resolution
'Til we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naw man, mad people was frontin'
Aww man, made somethin' from nothin'
Picture workin' so hard, and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you
What has the world come to? I'm from the 312
Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true
Like there the God go, in his Murcielago
From workin' McDonalds, barely payin' the car note
He even got enough, to get his mama a condo
Then they ran up and shot him, right in front of his mom
40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week
Man, the summer too hot, you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service, if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon
Did Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did strippers not make an ark when I made it rain?
Did Yeezy not get signed by Hov and Dame?
And ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains?
In Jesus' name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire, ay," that's what Richard Pryor say
And we'll annihilate anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye




G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
I don't know but I've been told
(I don't know but I've been told)
If you get fresh get all the hoes
(If you get fresh get all the hoes)
I'm way fresher than all my foes
(I'm way fresher than all my foes)
Somebody please pick out they clothes
(Somebody please pick out they clothes)
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!


Ah, ah
I love it though
I love it though, y'know?


Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation


May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour I seen good Christians
Make rash decisions, oh she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her make up, she casually allure
Text message break ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I'm looking at her like this what you really wanted, huh?
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime


Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but she done learned a lot from Satan
(Satan, Satan, Satan)
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation


When the sun go down it's the magic hour, the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don't leave while you're hot that's how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat
You see I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme", not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me? Could you be more phony?


Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
Haven't said a word- Haven't said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?


Yeah, 9:08 L.A. time
Back in the lab and shit


My wife said, I can't say no to nobody
And at this rate we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowin' I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm goin' crazy on Twitter
My friends' best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spendin'
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control
I know I'm the most influential
That TIME cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Troll conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God for Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with no permission, on our own conditions
Most blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25


I've been wakin' the spirits of millions more to come
A million illegally downloaded my truth over the drums
I believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
If the phone ringin', go and get your kids ho
Brother Don Muhammad told the minister about the presentation
He sat back and smiled
Black on black lies is worse than black on black crime
The Jews share their truth on how to make a dime
Most black men couldn't balance a checkbook
But buy a new car, talkin' 'bout "how my neck look?"
Well... it all looks great
Four hundred years later, we buyin' our own chains
The light is before us brothers, so the devil workin' hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage
The smokescreens, perceptions of false reality
Who the real owner if your boss gets a salary?
I am one with the people
I am one with the people (real!)
I've been woken from enlightened man's dream
Checkin' Instagram comments to crowdsource my self esteem
Let me not say too much or do too much
Cause if I'm up way too much, I'm out of touch
I'm prayin' a out-of-body experience will happen
So the people can see my light, now it's not just rappin'
God, I have humbled myself before the court
Drop my ego and confidence was my last resort
I know, I know He got a plan, I know I'm on Your beams
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I turned on the news and they was buryin' me
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I was negotiatin' with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I would've took a hundred million and gave 20 to Hov
I heard it's the way they did it when we only had a stove
But it's better that I stayed at home with my folks
Cause if Jay a billionaire then I'ma never go broke
Only thing I ask is next time I'm on stage we all go
We all go
Not just by myself, lookin' for niggas like where's Waldo
She got the same shoes as my wife but she copped 'em at Aldo
Modern day MJ with a off the wall flow



Tracklist (click links for lyrics)
1. Ultralight Beam ft. Chance The Rapper, The-Dream and Kelly Price
2. Father Stretch My Hands Pt. I ft. Kid Cudi
3. Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 2 ft. Desiigner
4. Famous ft. Rihanna and Swizz Beatz
5. Feedback
6. Low Lights
7. High Lights ft. Young Thug
8. Freestyle 4 ft. Desiigner
9. I Love Kanye
10. Waves ft. Chris Brown
11. FML ft. The Weeknd
12. Real Friends ft. Ty Dolla $ign
13. Wolves ft. Vic Mensa and Sia
14. Frank's Track ft. Frank Ocean
15. Silver Surfer Intermission
16. 30 Hours ft. André 3000
17. No More Parties In LA ft. Kendrick Lamar
18. FACTS (Charlie Heat Version)
19. Fade ft. Ty Dolla $ign and Post Malone
20. Saint Pablo ft. Sampha

Album Art
Alternate Album Art

"Facts" Cover Artwork:
"Real Friends" Cover Artwork:
"No More Parties in L.A." Cover Artwork:
"30 Hours" Cover Artwork:



You the number one trophy wife
So it's only right to live the trophy life
You grew up on J. Lo, Timberlands by Manolo now
Till one day I put an angel in your ultra sound
I wanna dip that ass in gold, I wanna dip that ass in gold
I made it over NBA, NFL players
So every time I score it's like the Super Bowl
Baby, we should hit the south of France
So you could run around without them pants
I put that glacier on your little hand
Now that's the only thing without a tan
My trophy on that Bound bike, I gave you only pipe
If people don't hate then it won't be right
You could look at Kylie, Kendall, Kourtney and Khloe
All your Mama ever made was trophies, right?


I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck about y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
30,000 feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'


Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair."
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, 'cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well


Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollie's and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothin', pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this."
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe


I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
'Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it






Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university


(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)


Restraining order, can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
Courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby please
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university


(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)


I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich
Uh
21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
I'm about that Farrakhan
Life is a marathon
I'ma shift the paradigm
I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
One time for a nigga really gettin' it
Two times cause we got the whole city lit
Advice to all my niggas, impregnate Bridget
So when she have a baby she gon' make another nigga
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches hah?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian hah?
She spent her whole check on some Christians
And that girl ain't even religious
Walkin', livin', breathin' god, you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob, help him with the weight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back
What you want?
You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack?
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not


Damn, Yeezy and Hov, where the hell ya been?
Niggas talking real reckless; stuntmen
I adopted these niggas, Phillip Drummond them
Now I'm about to make them tuck their whole summer in
They say I'm crazy, but I'm about to go dumb again
They ain't seen me cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week I was in my other other Benz
Throw your diamonds up cause we in this bitch another 'gain


I made Jesus Walks, I'm never going to hell
Couture level flow is never going on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't accustomed to going through customs
You ain't been nowhere, hah?
And all the ladies in the house got them showing off
I'm done I'll hit you up maña...nah!


Can't you see the private jets flying over you?
Maybach bumper sticker reads: "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin', Ye is chillin'
What more can I say? We killin' 'em
Hold up before we end this campaign
As you can see we done bodied the damn lames
Lord please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of their pain be champagne


They like, "Pablo—"
"Why are all the windows tinted on your Tahoe?"
"Why do you know every single bitch that I know?"
"Why can't you just shut your mouth and take the high road?"
Fuck if I know, that's that Chicago
South, south side, that's the motto
Cop a crib and spend ten million on remodel
Take the devils out my life and preach the gospel, 'cause I know
We went way, way past the line of scrimmage, ayy
Throne is back up in it, ayy
In the field like Emmitt, ayy, y'all get so offended, ayy
I be blacking out, I ain't backing out
Jay about his business, and I'ma let you finish, but I
I just, I just, I just, I just wanna rock your body
Take you to the garage and do some karate
Chop it, chop it, chop it, chop it sipping sake
Throw a thick bitch on a Kawasaki (Perfect)








Work it, make it, do it, makes us
Harder, better, faster, stronger


N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)


Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, 'cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
'Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six
And take this, haters!


N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!) me likey


I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right?
'Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)


N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)


You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Baby, you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)


N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
Right now!
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)




You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger (Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Never over…
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger (Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Never over…
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger (Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Never over…
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger (Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Never over…


Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay! (That part)
Beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't Chipotle
Nigga with an attitude, I feel like O'Shea
Walkin', livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe
I just left the strip club, got some glitter on me
Wifey gonna kill me, she the female OJ
Y'all don't feel me, man this ain't okay
Four Seasons, take a shower, new clothes, I'm reloaded
Rich nigga, still eatin' catfish
That bitch ain't really bad, that's a catfish
If I walk up out of Saks Fifth
Have the paparazzi doin' backflips
If I lay you down on the mattress
Blow the back out 'til you backless
Thick, we already established
She just got 'em done, bra-strapless


Yeah! Okay, okay, okay, okay! (That part)
Beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't Chipotle (That part)
Nigga with an attitude, I feel like O'Shea (That part)
Walkin', livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe (That part)




Walkin' livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe (That part)
I just dropped 60, man I feel like Kobe
Lamar was with me, man I feel like Kobe
Pippen at my weddin', man I feel like Jordan
Trippin' at my weddin', I be raaa-uh-ayy
Ain't say shit, nigga
You was listenin' close though
You was listenin' to hoes though
You wouldn't listen to the flow though
Listen to the Goat
Listen to a young nigga from the 'Go though
I'ma freestyle this mothafucka, who knew?
When I'm with my niggas, nigga, ScHoolboy Q
And uh, Top Dawg, call Top Dawg
Get that nigga on the phone
Top Dawg on the phone!
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy! Hah!


And you say Chi city!
Chi city! Chi city!


I met this girl when I was three years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me, lil homie, I know you don't know me
But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees."
And from that point I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to tore 'em off
And make 'em straighten up their hat 'cause she know they soft
And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown, in
The nighttime her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers 'cause they always leave
She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me."
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, "'Ye, keep makin' that, keep makin' that
Keep makin' that platinum and gold for me!"


But if you really cared for her
Then you wouldn't've never hit the airport to follow your dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her
But when I talk to her, it always seems like she talkin' 'bout me
She said, "You left your kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you," and I just got through
Talkin' 'bout what niggas tryin' to do: just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
Every interview I'm representin' you, makin' you proud
Reach for the stars, so if you fall, you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talkin' 'bout Chi-Town








Fuck what they talkin' 'bout
All a nigga hear is my chains clinkin' back and forth right now, nigga
Yeah, fuck with me


Why the fuck you so opinionated?
Sayin' how you do it but they ain't did it, baby
You need a demonstration
This is how you get richer, baby
I'm stimulated
I'm at the bank, I'm penetratin'
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
I touched a bitch, she disintegrated
Up in flames, I've been the flamest
I've been the hottest, you've been the lamest
I've been on the plane, you've been complainin'
Fuck the co-defendant, pistol whip the plaintiff
Hit the mall, then we skip arraignment
They say she young, I should've waited
She a big girl, dog when she stimulated


Hit Sin City and syndicate it
All the time on the strip in Vegas
I got the juice but I ain't Minute Maid it
But a nigga made it just minutes later
Shut the fuck and let me finish, baby
I'll let you finish later
Why the fuck you so opinionated?
Yeah you book smart but don't be gettin' paper
Shootin' craps at The Wynn
Gettin' back to back wins
Made 20 bands playin' features
And I don't need a feature for this
Nigga I'm T-R-A, triple double
Every time I ball, man that's triple double
Tom Ford, Balmain, that's triple stuntin'
Tryna get a nut only gets you nothin'
So I don't give a fuck who these niggas datin'
Tsunami the Rollie, my wrist is flooded
How the fuck can these niggas hate it
When these bitches love it, man this shit is funny
All I can do is laugh, all I can do is laugh
They try to count me out, all day I'm doin' math
All I can do is add, multiply, multiply
All day I'm doin' math, but we won't divide
You ain't got the flow, you ain't got the heart
You be on your mark but you're never ready
You just talkin' shit, I can smell your breath
Sayin' what you do, but can't help yourself


So why the fuck you so opinionated?
Sayin' how you do it but they ain't did it, baby
You need a demonstration
This is how you get richer, baby
I'm stimulated
I'm at the bank, I'm penetratin'
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
I touched the bitch, she disintegrated
Up in flames, I've been the flamest
I've been the hottest, you've been the lamest
I've been on the plane, you've been complainin'
Fuck the codefendant, pistol whip the plaintiff
Hit the mall, then we skip arraignment
They say she young, I should've waited
She a big girl, dog when she stimulated


She a big girl, dog
Fuck what they talkin' about, nigga
She a big girl, dog
I'm gonna do what the fuck I wanna do when I wanna do
She a big girl, dog
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated




Might take her home, gon' and dinner plate it
I don't heat it up, don't microwave it
She already hot, she sizzle baby
No salt and pepper, she been the flavor
I'ma stimulate her, yeah simple, baby
Fuck with me, then I fuck with you
You don't fuck with me, my nigga fuck you too
She a big girl, dog
She a big girl, dog
She a big girl, dog
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated





Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?
Can they, Hop?


Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire, even through the fire


I spit it through the wire, man
There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man
I'd gladly risk it all right now
It's a life-or-death situation, man
Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man
It's your boy, Kanye to the…
Chi-Town, what's goin' on?


I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to work
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Tellin' her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she'd been tryna be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwin' that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryna be lyin', I been tryna be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't tryna make a band
I swear, this right here, history in the makin', man


Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire, even through the fire


I really apologize for everything right now
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut
For like… I dunno, the doctor said like six weeks
Y'know, he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
I looked in the mirror
And half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man
I couldn't believe it
But I'm still here for y'all right now, man
This what I got to say right here, dawg
Yeah, turn me up, yeah, uh


What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talkin' about coke and birds
It was more like spoken word
Except he's really puttin' it down?
And he explained the story
About how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, driver two wanna sue
I got a lawyer for the case, to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I…
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky, it was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, 'cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire


Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire, even through the fire




Y'know what I'm sayin'?
When the doctor told me I had, um
That I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin, I said
"Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?"
"It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!"
You can't be serious, man


Flashing lights, lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights, lights


She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than a Nazi


I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang
I know it was foul, baby
Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Frontin', though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no Visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar


All I wanted was a hundred million dollars and a bad bitch
Plus that paper chasin', it had turned me to a savage
Groupies in the lobby they just tryna get established
God, I've been guilty, fornicatin' from my status


Niggas be lovin' the old Ye, they sayin' the new Ye, that nigga be spazzin'
But when Ali turn up and be Ali, you can't ever change that nigga back to Cassius
So you can gon' and make up lies, but I'm so sanctified
I don't sweat it, wipe my forehead with a handkerchief
And wash my sins in the blood of Jesus (Ross grunt)
People sayin', "Ye we need another Yeezus" (Ross grunt)
Lames try to tell me, "Cut the wildin' out, out"
But who the fuck is you reachin'?
Pass me 30 bottles, champagne procession
That's that Holy water, sanctified refreshments
God sent me a message, said I'm too aggressive
Really!? Me!? Too aggressive!?


I need to call it off
I need to, I need to make it known
'nother one, something gone
Capricorn
Dancing out on the lawn
Fancy like the things she likes
She lives her life
I'm living mine


Maybe it's cause she into Leos and I was into trios
Plus all the trips to Rio couldn't have helped
It's gettin' cold, better bring your ski clothes
Peekin' through the keyhole, the door locked by myself
And I'm feelin' it right now, cause it's the time when my heart got shot down
Blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka
Pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka
Feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted
Your feelins like Zulu, then nothing is a Shaka
I hit her with Jamaican dick, I'm the new Shabba
She lookin' for her daddy, call me Big Poppa
On to the next saga
Focus on the future and let the crew knock her
Star Wars fur, yeah, I'm rockin' Chewbacca
The one Chief Rocka, number-one Chief Rocka


Yeah, and we G.O.O.D
Keep talkin' about this shit but whatever
We can go back and forth all day


That's that don't play, whoo, that's that new Ye
People sayin' I'm the closest thing to Mike since Janet, whoo
Tom Cruise, homie, we jumpin' up on them couches
That's a fresh house, is that a guest house
Your house got another house
Your bitch got a bitch, your spouse got another spouse
Young Walt Disney, I'mma tell you truthfully
If you leave Mickey you gon' end up with a Goofy
I imagine that's what Chris told Karrueche
Girls be actin' like it's diamonds in they coochie
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
But cops chokin' niggas out in the media
We finna have to protest and tear the city up
We bout to tear this whole place up pretty much
(How much I live)


And you know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, babe
You know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, but me


Niggas talking, they bitchmade, Ixnay off my dicksnay
That's Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon stop me huh?
Last night ain't go so well, got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, "Yes!" Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations you're just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well that's cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that's on one basis
I only like green faces
I can stop


Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, I'm Oprah's circle
I wrote the verse that I hope will hurt you


Woo! You will never need another lover
Woo! 'Cause you a milf and I'm a motherfucker
Told you give the drummer some, now the drummer cummin'
I'm pa rum pa pum pumin' all on your stomach
Yeah, tonight I see some super freaky hoes
That could go from bein' stripper to a super CEO
I don't know the way you do it, but you do it to me though
And you always told your girlfriends you need you a TV show
Now you got your own money, you don't need nobody else
But far as handlin' all that ass, I think you gon' need some help
Let me remind you, you got a, you got a great future behind you
You gotta tell me what we tryna do
I ain't no pastor, don't do missionary
I know good pussy when I see it, I'm a visionary
I know them haters talkin', always had us very wary
Yup! On the 35th of Nevuary
Yup! You love the way I'm turnt
After all the money you earned, still show daddy what you learned
That cowgirl, you reverse that cowgirl
You reverse, you reverse, and I impregnated your mouth, girl
Ooooh, that's when I knew you could be my spouse, girl
We fuckin' all over the house, girl
We just messed up a brand new couch, girl
If you ain't on site, then you on Skype
I put you on that bike, you bound, girl
We too wild, won't turn down
We drunk in love, fuck them


And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall


The all around the world Digital Underground Pac
The Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Roc-A-Fella's only niggas that helped
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here
They say he bougie, he big-headed
Would you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus


Now I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall


Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
That'll take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him Kwa-li or Kwe-li, I put him on songs with Jay-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous, now everybody love Kanye
I'm almost Raymond
Some say he arrogant. Can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggas wear suits cause you can't dress no more
You can't say shit to Kanye West no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kan, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
"Oh my god, is that a black card?"
I turned around and replied, "Why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express"
Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips


And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

"... last call for alcohol, for my niggas"


Pray for me
I'm about to hit the Ye button
I don't wanna say nothin' wrong
But it'd be wrong if I ain't say nothin'
Imagine if I ain't say somethin'
Wouldn't none these niggas say nothin'
I done lost and made money
Now I'm makin' somethin' they can't take from me
And I'm fresh out of debt in this mothafucka!
And they still ain't ready yet for a mothafucka!
Yeezy might have to go and put his Louis on
I'm 'bout to go Gucci in the Gucci store




This the cray-ist shit in the club
Since "In Da Club"
It's so packed I might ride around
On my bodyguard's back like Prince in the club
She say "Can you get my friends in the club?"
I say "Can you get my Benz in the club?"
If not, treat your friends like my Benz
Park they ass outside 'til the evenin' end
When I go raw, I like to leave it in
When I wake up, I like to go again
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
She can't go to work, same clothes again
And her heart colder than the souls of men
Louboutin on the toes again
Tight dress dancin' close to him
Yeezus just rose again


Why, oh why, why, why don't they like me?
'Cause Nike gave a lot of niggas checks
But I'm the only nigga to ever check Nike


Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin'
But I feel like Michael Jordan
Scottie Pippen at my weddin'
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't Lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite or somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?"
Yeah, my nigga; it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on
I know they told they white daughters
"Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype
I am the light and the beacon
You can ask the deacon
It's funny, when you get extra money
Every joke you tell just be extra funny
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck, hold up
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level
Had a drink with Fear, and I was textin' God
He said "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"


This that rap god shit nigga
I rip every one of these mothafuckas down
Aye
Rah, rah, rah
Rah, rah


Closed eyes, see things
Fire up, tweaking
You in my freak dreams
You in my freak dreams
Bad bitch, you dig that
Get stacks, drive cars
Whip out, bitch out
Tits out, oh shit
My dick out, can she suck it right now?
Fuck, can she fuck right now?
I done asked twice now
Can you bring your price down?
Lil Boosie with the wipe down
A little woozy but I'm nice now
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the, what the fuck right now?
What if we fuck right now?
What if we fucked right in the middle
Of this mothafuckin' dinner table?
What if we fucked at this Vogue party?
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Shut down the whole party
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
They don't want nothin'
You mothafuckas livin' like half of your level, half of your life
I smack her on her ass if she ghetto, I ain't gon' lie
We be in the bathroom fuckin' like "baby, don't get too loud!"
I can, I can see it, yeah


We at war
We at war with terrorism, racism
But most of all we at war with ourselves


(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)


You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless (niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mama I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move
I hope


(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid cause we ain't spoke in so long
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid cause we ain't spoke in so long
So long, so long
(Jesus walk with me)


To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers
(Jesus walks for them)
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah
(Jesus walks for them)
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly
I know he hear me when my feet get weary
Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think
I ain't here to argue about his facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single dog, radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which'll probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out


(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now






You're my devil, you're my angel
You're my heaven, you're my hell
You're my now, you're my forever
You're my freedom, you're my jail
You're my lies, you're my truth
You're my war, you're my truce
You're my questions, you're my proof
You're my stress and you're my masseuse
Ma-ma-se, ma-ma-se, ma-ma-ku-sa
Lost in this plastic life
Let's break out of this fake-ass party
Turn this into a classic night
If we die in each others arms
Still get laid in the afterlife
If we die in each others arms
Still get laid, yeah, yeah, yeah


I'm lost in the world
Been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
And I'm down for the night, down for the night
Down for the night


I'm lost in the world
Been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
And I'm down for the night, down for the night
I'm lost in the world
Been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
But I'm down for the night, down for the night
Oh, oh, get down


Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!
Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!
Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!
Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!








It's crazy how you can go from bein' Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I'm in church: please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gon' want one thing
I can spend my whole life goodwill hunting
Only good gon' come is this good when I'm cumming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ungh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels."
"Is that a May— what?!" "Baby, these wheels."
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel


1985 white Lamborghini Countach, 2 of 'em


I need a slow motion video right now
Cause I'm movin' in slow motion, slow motion
Feelin' like Hype Williams shootin' a nigga
Shootin' a nigga, hey, hey, hey
I need a slow motion video right now, ay, ay


Damn baby, pussy can't be your only hustle
Unless you bad as Naomi Russell
I mean a lot of niggas got money
So basically, Russell ain't the only Russell
Russell Brand, Russell Crowe
Zero Zero Zero Zero, a whole lot of O's
What you after, actor money?
You in line behind currency, yeah you after money
Bullet proof condom, when I'm in these hoes
Got staples on my dick, why? Fuckin' centerfolds
And I swear to God they so cold
Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes
I got my fur on feelin' like Jerome
She got her fur too, we got our his and her on
Don't look at the jewelry, or get your burrr on
Too close, you comatose so dope you overdose
Get back, you overclose
Oh no, the hood was strugglin'
But then I blessed them with that Polo
Niggas was making music and then my first solo
Collo Drolo, sponsored by Manolo
She got Zeppi Notos ready for some photos
Yeah and I'm cold bitch, please try to keep the door closed
Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos
Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed


I need a slow motion video right now
Cause I'm movin' in slow motion, slow motion
Feelin' like Hype Williams shootin' a nigga
Shootin' a nigga, hey, hey, hey
I need a slow motion video right now, ay, ay




Welcome to the good life, where niggas who sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living spree
Shit, they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like N.Y., summertime Chi
Ah! (Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry!


Yo, it's got to be cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks, Lawry's
50 told me, go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up
The good life


Welcome to the good life!
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
Cause they got mo' (ass than the models)
The good life, so keep it comin' with the bottles
Cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life, it feel like Houston
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C
It feel like V.A. or the Bay or Yay
Ay, this is the good life (Welcome to the good life)
Homey tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood (Welcome to the good life)
Like I'm new in the hood
The only thing I wish, I wish a nigga would (Welcome to the good life!)
He probably think he could
But, but, I don't think he should (Welcome to the good life)
50 told me, go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up
The good life


Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin' some brain
Whipped it out, she said "I never seen Snakes on a Plane"
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this
Havin' money's not everything, not havin' it is
I was splurgin' on Tryst, but when I get my card back
Activated, I'm back to Vegas
'Cause (the good life) I always had a passion for flashin'
Befo' I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined the good life


It was all good just a week ago, niggas feel theyselves
And that Watch the Throne drop, niggas kill themselves
What niggas gon' do, Hov?
This a new crack, on a new stove
I'm in the two-door, true that, niggas telling me "You back!"
Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, huh?
And if life's a bitch, bet she suck my dick, huh
And I bet she fucked the whole clique, huh
By the way nigga you should fucking quit nigga
Just forget it, you talk it, I live it
Like Eli, I did it, joke's on you motherfucker, and I get it
No paper ho, but you can have some more of me
Or-a-gy or are we speaking metaphorically?
Historically I'm kicking bitches out like Pam, nigga
Going H·A·M nigga
Me and Jigga
And a nigga still young, that's why I have no kids
But I've been practicing with some actresses as bad as shit
Had a few white girls, asses flat as shit
But the head's so good, damn a nigga glad he hit
Got 'em jumping out the building, watch out below
A million out the door, I'm about to go H·A·M


Hard as a motherfucker
Let these niggas know who I am
I'm about to go H·A·M
Hard as a motherfucker
Let these niggas know who I am


We the cause of all the commotion
Your mouth running, but where is you going?
What is you smoking, man? That ain't potent
What is you talking, man? That ain't important
Illuminati, High society
We in this party and nobody invited me
We going crazy and I always use my best sense
But it don't matter cause I stay on my fresh prince
Maxin', relaxin, shootin' some pool and
Playing some b-ball outside of the school and
Girls with they top off outside of the pool and
Whips with the drop off outside of the Louvre
You just look stupid to be ignoring
The Delorean parked in front of Armani emporium
And parties at Richie is getting risky
Victoria's Secret show, they miss me
Voices in my head, I need choices in my bed
AHHHHH, get out my fucking head
It's just me and my bad bitch
So you can say I'm on my Brad Pitt
Back to the la familia I'm aligned with
Before I betray them I slit my wrists
At the top is just us nigga
Cause I don't really trust niggas
And we made it through the hurricane
So celebrate and light the Mary Jane
We gon' make it, that's on everything
Truest girls get half naked, every spring
They saying, "Hey Kanye
We need you to go deeper than Tay Zonday,"
Cause my verses got pain, Chocolate Rain
So many lines, you photograph and it make arms break
On the radio, man I miss myself
I need to just step back and kiss myself
Baby, just step up and kiss the belt
A little lower.. that's what's up
Somebody pour her another cup
Is it too much to ask you keep your diamonds up?
I swear until my time is up
My style is sex in the shower, fresh as fuck

